README.md, before:

# Exercise-02d-HUD-and-Levels

```
# Exercise-02d-HUD-and-Levels
Exercise for MSCH-C220, 17 September 2020

A simple game exploring HUD elements and changing scenes.

## Implementation
Built using Godot 3.2.2

The font, Bebas Neue Regular (Ryoichi Tsunekawa) was downloaded from [https://fontlibrary.org/en/font/bebasneueregular](https://fontlibrary.org/en/font/bebasneueregular)

The looping moving starfield video was created by David Greensmith: [https://archive.org/details/LoopingMovingStarfield](https://archive.org/details/LoopingMovingStarfield)

The explosion sprite sheet was downloaded from [assetsdownload.com](https://assetsdownload.com/cartoon-explosion-2d-game-sprite-free-download/)

The other assets were downloaded from [kenney.nl](https://kenney.nl/assets)

The background is from [opengameart.org](https://opengameart.org/content/space-background-1)

## References
Used google for various runtime errors

Used tutorial from C292 for laser implementation and movement (https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Afizwr9pEnw&feature=youtu.be)

## Future Development
None

## Created by 
Cierra Farmer

```

Commit message:

added score feature explanation in README

README.md, after:

# Exercise-02d-HUD-and-Levels

```
# Exercise-02d-HUD-and-Levels
Exercise for MSCH-C220, 17 September 2020

A simple game exploring HUD elements and changing scenes.

Score resets between each level to allow the player to score as many points as they'd like before moving on to the next level.

## Implementation
Built using Godot 3.2.2

The font, Bebas Neue Regular (Ryoichi Tsunekawa) was downloaded from [https://fontlibrary.org/en/font/bebasneueregular](https://fontlibrary.org/en/font/bebasneueregular)

The looping moving starfield video was created by David Greensmith: [https://archive.org/details/LoopingMovingStarfield](https://archive.org/details/LoopingMovingStarfield)

The explosion sprite sheet was downloaded from [assetsdownload.com](https://assetsdownload.com/cartoon-explosion-2d-game-sprite-free-download/)

The other assets were downloaded from [kenney.nl](https://kenney.nl/assets)

The background is from [opengameart.org](https://opengameart.org/content/space-background-1)

## References
Used google for various runtime errors

Used tutorial from C292 for laser implementation and movement (https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Afizwr9pEnw&feature=youtu.be)

## Future Development
None

## Created by 
Cierra Farmer

```
